1. Reports fix - formatting
2. screen changes - in screen changes (a. radio button for Return Goods (RG) and adjustments & b. need a new screen to add banks and delete incase of not required)
3. new report for weekly supplier pending balance payables
4. Automate stored procedures and tomcat service - for #4, some times there are instances I need to restart tomcat
5. locking issue in hibernate
6. more testing
7. User help and tools if any



In Github, I have checked in changes made to GM Prod machine code directly (as of Wednesday Morning 11.00 a.m.), excluding jrxml & report related changes.

I have also updated "login" related changes to Github (which were lost/overwritten) during your last check-in.

Following were the steps I followed

1. "Pull" ed in all files from Github afresh.

2. Inspected & applied the necessary changes for the files that were changed after 9.03 a.m. Monday (excluding report related changes).  Note: 9.03 a.m is the time I downloaded from Github before boarding to Tiruppur

3. Ensured the changes (as shown by Github compare report) are relevant.

4. "Committed and Pushed" the changes to Github.

Can you please do the needful to keep the report related changes & other changes you made on that GM m/c after Wednesday 11.30 a.m. (My thumb drive backup is taken at that time).  

Please do not overwrite hibernate pkg, or login related jsps even if they have a changed timestamp after Wednesday 11.30 a.m.

Also, please apply all your fixes to screens using the latest code in Github (as they have fixes I made directly on GM m/c).


Thanks,
Siva

21-Dec-2014
-----------
1. Proc PARTYEXTRACT changed for SET @EXISTINGPARTYCODE = 0
2. 
3. Company name update
4. Banks upload - done
5. Bug fixes - changes are done
6. Backup and running the procedure every day automatically
7. RIGHT and RTRIM for phone numbers
8.


24-Dec-2014
-----------
1. Removed Unique constraint from DailyPayC and should make paycrefnum and invoicerefnum as unique
2. Create a job for partyextract
3. Check why partyextract running new every time
4. Check 21st updates


26-12-2014
----------
1. Check SQL Server Browser running and also execution of Stored procedure in inside computer
2. Running of reports
3. Priya - Bank account name should be displayed and report not appearing in another tab and date must is not working

4. Self - Customer table changes
	a. Contact number 1, 2, 3, 4 and message number and owner name
5. Self - Report testing
6. 7263
7. Report changes to 3 reports - both morning reports and supplier payments report are done



Changes agreed 
--------------
1. Invoice date display in UI and differed / commited date
2.--
3. How this invoice date will be reflected in various reports
4. Weekly payable report
5. Phone numbers upload - create a view or alter the existing table
6. Differed date is not getting the update in DailyPayC table
7.
